c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\MakeMeJira.exe.config
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\MakeMeJira.exe
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\MakeMeJira.pdb
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\obj\Debug\MakeMeJira.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\obj\Debug\MakeMeJira.exe
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\obj\Debug\MakeMeJira.pdb
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\WebAPIDoodle.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\WebAPIDoodle.Http.dll
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\MakeMeJira.Model.dll
c:\users\ranga.bandara\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\MakeMeJira.Model.pdb
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\MakeMeJira.exe.config
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\obj\Debug\MakeMeJira.exe
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\obj\Debug\MakeMeJira.pdb
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\MakeMeJira.exe
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\MakeMeJira.pdb
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\MakeMeJira.Model.dll
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\WebAPIDoodle.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\WebAPIDoodle.Http.dll
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\MakeMeJira.Model.pdb
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\ranga.bandara\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\MakeMeJira\obj\Debug\MakeMeJira.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
